Expressing in language us subjective. 
Everyone has a different style of reading and writing, apparently it all boil downs to the way their mind understands things(in a specific format).
Language style transfer is a way to preserve the meaning of a text and change the way to preserve the meaning of a text and change the way it is expressed. 
Progress in language style transfer is lagged behind other domains, such as computer vision, mainly because of the lack of parallel data, use cases, and reliable evaluation metrics. 
In response to the challenge of lacking parallel data. 
We propose a model combining seq2seq, autoencoder, and adversarial loss to achieve this goal. 
The key idea behind the proposed models is to learn separate content representations and style representations using adversarial networks. 
Considering the problem of evaluating style transfer tasks, we frame the problem as sentiment transfer and evaluation using a sentiment classifier to calculate how many sentiments was the model able to transfer. 
We report out results on several kinds of models.


that is all that I could do at that time
sha has nothing that is good to say
i met john , who is my classmate.
my computer,which my mother gave me last year, ist still in good condition
this film, which i  have read three times, is very instructive



he is from the south , which we can know from his accent.


i said nothing, which made him angry.
I may have to work late, in which case I' ll telephone 
the speaker paused to examine his notes, at which point a loud crash was hear.


he failed again, which was out of my expectation
this note was left by Tom, who was here just now.
First came Mary, Whom few of us had expected.

number of 

a number of students help  ->
The number of students is increasing <-

quantity of 

a large quantity of books have been bought. ->

a large quantity of beer was sold. ->

the quantity of books in the library is amazing <-

the quantity of heat in the office has been increased <-

Large quantities of wheat are being sent aboard ->

a group of us have hired a boat for travelling

a great deal of trouble lies before me

a pair of shoes was under the desk

